Update README to reference Doxx project (#1896)
balena-io/docs: README.md

Here is an example:

```
Getting started with {{ $device.name }} using {{ $language.name }}

Select the {{ $device.name }} device type`
```

> To add additional dynamic properties, see the files in `/config/dictionaries`. To learn more about dynamically generated pages, see the [README](https://github.com/balena-io/doxx) for the Doxx project, on which the balenaCloud documentation is built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add additional dynamic properties, see the files in `/config/dictionaries`. To learn more about dynamically generated pages, see the [README](https://github.com/balena-io/doxx) for the Doxx project using which the balenaCloud dynamic documentation is generated.
```

Good to refer this, LGTM. Ship it.

Author: Thanks. Tweaked your suggestion a little.
